docs/src/index.md, before:

# BasicInterpolators.jl

Welcome to the `BasicInterpolators` documentation. This package provides a collection of common interpolation recipes. Quick facts about the package:
* All types and functions assume the use of real numbers and will return double precision (`Float64`) numbers.
* The `Interpolator` types are the main focus. To use them, you construct an interpolator object then call it like a function. There are also some functions for things like one-off polynomial interpolation.
* There are two-dimensional grid interpolators, but not higher.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Details

For a tutorial, see the "how to" section below. For more information on the specific types and methods available, see these links:
* [One-dimensional interpolation](1d.md)
* [Two-dimensional interpolation](2d.md)
* [N-dimensional, scattered point interpolation](scattered.md)
* [Parametric Curve Interpolation](parametric.md)

For a little extra on the Chebyshev interpolators, look [**here**](chebyshev.md).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Other Packages

If you need more features/methods, please look in other packages:
1. [Interpolations.jl](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl)
2. [Dierckx.jl](https://github.com/kbarbary/Dierckx.jl)
3. [GridInterpolations.jl](https://github.com/sisl/GridInterpolations.jl)
4. [ApproXD](https://github.com/floswald/ApproXD.jl)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## How to Start Interpolating Stuff

`BasicInterpolators` offers callable types, or [function-like objects](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Function-like-objects), for your interpolation needs. This simply means that you construct an `Interpolator` object, like a `LinearInterpolator` or a `BicubicInterpolator`, then call it like a function, passing it the coordinate where you'd like to interpolate.

#### Construct from points

 For example, to do linear interpolation on a range of three points, we construct a [`LinearInterpolator`](@ref) then call it on the interpolation coordinate:
```@repl
using BasicInterpolators: LinearInterpolator
x = [0, 1, 2];
y = [0, 0.5, 1];
p = LinearInterpolator(x, y);
p(0.5)
```
Pretty basic! A nice result of this syntax is easy broadcasting. To interpolate a bunch of values in some array `x`, simply use `p.(x)`.

#### Construct from a function

Each of the types can be constructed by passing vectors/arrays with the points to interpolate. They can also be constructed with a function to sample from. This is most useful for the Chebyshev interpolators, which require a specific grid spacing. For example, to generate a [`ChebyshevInterpolator`](@ref) of the function $f(x) = \sin(2x) + x^2\exp(x)$, in the range $[-3,0]$, using 16 points:
```@repl
using BasicInterpolators: ChebyshevInterpolator
f(x) = sin(2x) + x^2*exp(x);
p = ChebyshevInterpolator(f, -3, 0, 16);
f(-1.5)
p(-1.5)
```
In the background, the constructor generates 16 points between -3 and 0, evaluates the function at those points, then sets up everything it needs to interpolate in that range.

#### Two-dimensional interpolation

The two-dimensional interpolators work the same way, but with another dimension (of course). You can supply the coordinates along each axis and a grid of points or you can supply a function along with where to evaluate it and how many points to use. For example, to make a `BilinearInterpolator` for a 10 by 10 grid of randomly spaced points with random values:
```@repl
using BasicInterpolators: BilinearInterpolator
x = sort(rand(10));
y = sort(rand(10));
A = rand(10,10);
P = BilinearInterpolator(x, y, A);
P(0.5, 0.5)
```

#### Grid spacing

Unevenly spaced grids are acceptable for all interpolators except the chebyshev interpolators and the bivariate spline, but you have to supply the coordinates directly instead of constructing with a function. When you do construct with a function, all the interpolators use evenly spaced points except for the chebyshev interpolators.

#### Boundaries

The [chebyshev interpolators](chebyshev.md) won't let you extrapolate, or pass a point outside the stated interpolation range, because they are undefined outside the boundaries. All the other ones will let you extrapolate if you turn off the boundary check, which is an optional argument whenever you call an interpolator. For example,
```@repl
using BasicInterpolators: CubicSplineInterpolator
x = [0, 1, 2];
y = rand(3);
p = CubicSplineInterpolator(x, y);
#trying to extrapolate will normally cause an error
p(-1)
#but you can override the boundary check by passing `false`
p(-1, false)
```
Extrapolation blindly uses the interpolating curve/surface of the nearest boundary cell in the grid, so it can easily return wild values, especially for the cubic interpolators. That's why it's not allowed by default. The same goes for two-dimensional interpolators. You can turn off the boundary check by passing `false` after the interpolation coordinates, as in `P(x, y, false)`. In these cases, the `false` argument means "don't check the boundaries."

Commit message:

new boundary behavior system, removed parametric spline

docs/src/index.md, after:

# BasicInterpolators.jl

Welcome to the `BasicInterpolators` documentation. This package provides a collection of common interpolation recipes. Quick facts about the package:
* All types and functions assume the use of real numbers and will return double precision (`Float64`) numbers.
* The `Interpolator` types are the main focus. To use them, you construct an interpolator object then call it like a function. There are also some functions for things like one-off polynomial interpolation.
* There are two-dimensional grid interpolators, but not higher.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Details

For a tutorial, see the "how to" section below. For more information on the specific types and methods available, see these links:
* [One-dimensional interpolation](1d.md)
* [Two-dimensional interpolation](2d.md)
* [N-dimensional, scattered point interpolation](scattered.md)

For a little extra on the Chebyshev interpolators, look [**here**](chebyshev.md).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Other Packages

If you need more features/methods, please look in other packages:
1. [Interpolations.jl](https://github.com/JuliaMath/Interpolations.jl)
2. [Dierckx.jl](https://github.com/kbarbary/Dierckx.jl)
3. [GridInterpolations.jl](https://github.com/sisl/GridInterpolations.jl)
4. [ApproXD](https://github.com/floswald/ApproXD.jl)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## How to Start Interpolating Stuff

`BasicInterpolators` offers callable types, or [function-like objects](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Function-like-objects), for your interpolation needs. This simply means that you construct an `Interpolator` object, like a `LinearInterpolator` or a `BicubicInterpolator`, then call it like a function, passing it the coordinate where you'd like to interpolate.

#### Construct from points

For example, to do linear interpolation on three points, we construct a [`LinearInterpolator`](@ref) then call it on the interpolation coordinate:
```@example
using BasicInterpolators: LinearInterpolator
x = [0, 1, 2];
y = [0, 0.5, 1];
p = LinearInterpolator(x, y);
p(0.5)
```
Pretty basic! A nice result of this syntax is easy broadcasting. To interpolate a bunch of values in some array `x`, simply use `p.(x)`.

#### Construct from a function

Each of the types can be constructed by passing vectors/arrays with the points to interpolate. They can also be constructed with a function to sample from. This is most useful for the Chebyshev interpolators, which require a specific grid spacing. For example, to generate a [`ChebyshevInterpolator`](@ref) of the function $f(x) = \sin(2x) + x^2\exp(x)$, in the range $[-3,0]$, using 16 points:
```@example
using BasicInterpolators: ChebyshevInterpolator
f(x) = sin(2x) + x^2*exp(x);
p = ChebyshevInterpolator(f, -3, 0, 16);
f(-1.5)
p(-1.5)
```
In the background, the constructor generates 16 points between -3 and 0, evaluates the function at those points, then sets up everything it needs to interpolate in that range.

#### Two-dimensional interpolation

The two-dimensional interpolators work the same way, but with another dimension. You can supply the coordinates along each axis and a grid of points or you can supply a function along with where to evaluate it and how many points to use. For example, to make a `BilinearInterpolator` for a 10 by 10 grid of randomly spaced points with random values:
```@example
using BasicInterpolators: BilinearInterpolator
x = sort(rand(10));
y = sort(rand(10));
A = rand(10,10);
P = BilinearInterpolator(x, y, A);
P(0.5, 0.5)
```

#### Grid spacing

Unevenly spaced grids are acceptable for all interpolators except the chebyshev interpolators and the bivariate spline, but you have to supply the coordinates directly instead of constructing with a function. When you do construct with a function, all the interpolators use evenly spaced points except for the chebyshev interpolators.

#### Boundaries

The [chebyshev interpolators](chebyshev.md) will never let you pass a point outside the stated interpolation range (extrapolate), because they are undefined outside the boundaries.

For all the other interpolators, there are three options.

1. [`StrictBoundaries`](@ref) - error for any point outside the interpolation points, even *barely* outside them
2. [`WeakBoundaries`](@ref) - error only for points that are more than barely outside the boundaries, as evaluated by `≈`. For example, if `x` is the interpolation coordinate and `xa` is the lower boundary coordinate, an error is triggered only if `(x < xa) & !(x ≈ xa)`.
3. [`NoBoundaries`](@ref) - no boundary checks at all and no errors

To select one of these behaviors, pass one of the objects as the last argument of the constructor. The default behavior is `StrictBoundaries`.

```@repl
using BasicInterpolators
x = [0, 1, 2];
y = rand(3);
p = CubicSplineInterpolator(x, y);
#trying to extrapolate will normally cause an error
p(2 + 1e-10)
#unless the boundary behavior is changed
p = CubicSplineInterpolator(x, y, WeakBoundaries());
p(2 + 1e-10)
#but going way outside the boundary is only ok with NoBoundaries
p(3)
p = CubicSplineInterpolator(x, y, NoBoundaries());
p(3)
```
Extrapolation blindly uses the interpolating curve/surface of the nearest boundary cell in the grid, so it can easily return wild values, especially for the cubic interpolators. That's why it's not allowed by default. All of the above applies to the two-dimensional interpolators as well.
